hi everybody uh it's me Andy uh this is
a introduction before the game we're
about to play with a pretty calling
background made by let me check i have a
no down nah dude to do it's really nice
breathing clown ah tumblr music gift red
gift clout the skid draw dolls I found
out on tumblr I put them in the link
below by you I need to give a
description of slave of God the indie
game I found on in D block which I will
also link here's the description that I
red ink repairs slave of God for mac and
windows allows those were strongly
enough Constitution to brave the seizure
inducing sights and sounds of a
nightclub in search of the Sun I think
along the way one can run up an endless
drink tab expel such drinks and chunky
yellow pixels in the bathroom area and
more those are nice chunks of puke those
are a stream of the yellow river one
might say anywho the great thing about a
slave of God for me the writer of this
article John Polson is that it reminds
me i am always have been too old for
clubs and mind-altering substances I'm
happy to experience such things
vicariously through video games and few
have been as careful and have not yet
slave of God made by ink repair okay I
play this game and I need to give a
warning about if you think I first of
all I can't turn now sound so you can
barely hear my voice in and it's
everything I thought a nightclub would
be or rave for me just somewhere I want
to leave immediately a lot of stuff
going on or it's like a simulator for
Ray
but I take this warrant seriously this
has a seizure warning so yeah if you
have any like if you start feeling weird
watching the video the rest of the video
from here on it just stop it all right
don't just don't keep on watching for me
please just turn off get some fresh air
go for a walk watch a nice a nice
calming watch some puppies or something
play with some puppies or kittens I want
to do that right now after playing that
in the video I'll say output in the
after Brown putting it before because
they this games sort of something else
really something else uh wasn't quite
expecting I have a headache from it now
but yeah the meeting sounded good I'll
know the music was alright it is just is
too much for me okay I'm rambling on
enjoy the video I'm going to give
another introduction because I thought
it's gonna put this at the end of it
instead of game that's cool that's cool
alright thanks for listening bye and
enjoy the video hello and welcome to
this grew game slave of the god or slave
of God or slave don't worry he'll be in
scriptural oh oh oh this is bright this
is hopefully music isn't too loud I
there is no option to turn it down so
let's just bear with it shall we let's
click the low this game doesn't a
seizure warning so if at any time I feel
uncomfortable I'm going to stop
oh my ears Mike go to college good golly
Ahmad
what
you
okay i'll give a description after after
I do all this and we'll have like a
calming soothing get what is going on
like Parsons hit screen
morning
Oh him I don't love
Oh God
whatever is going on
okay okay all right eye hurts breaking I
think for
say the heart they love
I awaiting life do it okay let's get
away I wear mine eat this ecstasy the
game was hearing everything Oh God let
me out
just can't gal because we don't know
what
Oh
oh my i don't know if you'll be able to
hear me this red rain and spirit came
from
some way to fix matches
this bathroom my team I think I'm p if
definitely oh good yep not stop it
if I win
DJ oh no not this is not this again why
you comin at me wherever what's
happening I don't know I want way too
thick it again where's per tube into the
thing scaring me oh no no stop
Cesar feel like your art stuff
suggested that so
I think I think I've had
drink up
join neighbors and that was slave a god
thank you everybody and I'll bring the
description uh I'll add in a few minutes
with that calming scene to provide
contrast said God